README.md, before:

Number Theory Problems
======================

- [Problem Index][index]
- [Documentation][documentation]
- [What this project is][what]

### Index ###

- Chapter 1: The Integers
  - Section 1: Numbers and Sequences
    - [Problem 1][1.1.1]
    - [Problem 2][1.1.2]
    - [Problem 3][1.1.3]
  - Section 3: Mathematical Induction
    - [Problem 1][1.3.1]
    - [Problem 2][1.3.2]
    - [Problem 3][1.3.3]
  - Section 4: The Fibonacci Numbers
    - [Problem 1][1.4.1]
    - [Problem 2][1.4.2]
    - [Problem 3][1.4.3]
  - Section 5: Divisibility
    - [Problem 1][1.5.1]
    - [Problem 2][1.5.2]
    - [Problem 3][1.5.3]
    - [Problem 4][1.5.4]
- Chapter 3: Primes and Greatest Common Divisors
  - Section 1: Prime Numbers
    - [Problem 1][3.1.1]
    - [Problem 2][3.1.2]
    - [Problem 3][3.1.3]
    - [Problem 4][3.1.4]
    - [Problem 5][3.1.5]
  - Section 3: Greatest Common Divisors
    - [Problem 1][3.3.1]
    - [Problem 2][3.3.2]
  - Section 4: The Euclidean Algorithm
    - [Problem 1][3.4.1]
    - [Problem 2][3.4.2]
    - [Problem 3][3.4.3]
    - [Problem 4][3.4.4]
    - [Problem 5][3.4.5]
  - Section 5: The Fundamental Theorem of Arithmetic

### Documentation ###

If you wish to contribute, be sure to check out the [docs][docs]

### What it is ###

This is simply a side project to practice 3 things:
- GUI programming: I am interested in being able to make nice, intuitive, and
easy designs to act as front ends to my projects. I'm hoping this project can
bring me one step closer, even if I don't use the tkinter framework again.
- Python programming: Python is a language I've been meaning to play with for a
while. I believe that it has the potential to be that language that I use for
short one-off scripts and quick mock-ups of ideas.
- Number Theory: I took a number theory class this past semester and had a blast
in it. This project is intended to both enhance and reinforce my understanding
of the subject in an environment I enjoy.

[index]: #index
[documentation]: #documentation
[what]: #what-it-is
[1.1.1]: chapter1/section1/problem1
[1.1.2]: chapter1/section1/problem2
[1.1.3]: chapter1/section1/problem3
[1.3.1]: chapter1/section3/problem1
[1.3.2]: chapter1/section3/problem2
[1.3.3]: chapter1/section3/problem3
[1.4.1]: chapter1/section4/problem1
[1.4.2]: chapter1/section4/problem2
[1.4.3]: chapter1/section4/problem3
[1.5.1]: chapter1/section5/problem1
[1.5.2]: chapter1/section5/problem2
[1.5.3]: chapter1/section5/problem3
[1.5.4]: chapter1/section5/problem4
[3.1.1]: chapter3/section1/problem1
[3.1.2]: chapter3/section1/problem2
[3.1.3]: chapter3/section1/problem3
[3.1.4]: chapter3/section1/problem4
[3.1.5]: chapter3/section1/problem5
[3.3.1]: chapter3/section3/problem1
[3.3.2]: chapter3/section3/problem2
[3.4.1]: chapter3/section4/problem1
[3.4.2]: chapter3/section4/problem2
[3.4.3]: chapter3/section4/problem3
[3.4.4]: chapter3/section4/problem4
[3.4.5]: chapter3/section4/problem5
[docs]: Docs

Commit message:

Fill out not doing for rest of section 3.4

README.md, after:

Number Theory Problems
======================

- [Problem Index][index]
- [Documentation][documentation]
- [What this project is][what]

### Index ###

- Chapter 1: The Integers
  - Section 1: Numbers and Sequences
    - [Problem 1][1.1.1]
    - [Problem 2][1.1.2]
    - [Problem 3][1.1.3]
  - Section 3: Mathematical Induction
    - [Problem 1][1.3.1]
    - [Problem 2][1.3.2]
    - [Problem 3][1.3.3]
  - Section 4: The Fibonacci Numbers
    - [Problem 1][1.4.1]
    - [Problem 2][1.4.2]
    - [Problem 3][1.4.3]
  - Section 5: Divisibility
    - [Problem 1][1.5.1]
    - [Problem 2][1.5.2]
    - [Problem 3][1.5.3]
    - [Problem 4][1.5.4]
- Chapter 3: Primes and Greatest Common Divisors
  - Section 1: Prime Numbers
    - [Problem 1][3.1.1]
    - [Problem 2][3.1.2]
    - [Problem 3][3.1.3]
    - [Problem 4][3.1.4]
    - [Problem 5][3.1.5]
  - Section 3: Greatest Common Divisors
    - [Problem 1][3.3.1]
    - [Problem 2][3.3.2]
  - Section 4: The Euclidean Algorithm
    - [Problem 1][3.4.1]
    - [Problem 2][3.4.2]
    - [Problem 3][3.4.3]
    - [Problem 4][3.4.4]
    - [Problem 5][3.4.5]
    - [Problem 6 (Not Implemented)][3.4.6]
    - [Problem 7 (Not Implemented)][3.4.7]
  - Section 5: The Fundamental Theorem of Arithmetic

### Documentation ###

If you wish to contribute, be sure to check out the [docs][docs]

### What it is ###

This is simply a side project to practice 3 things:
- GUI programming: I am interested in being able to make nice, intuitive, and
easy designs to act as front ends to my projects. I'm hoping this project can
bring me one step closer, even if I don't use the tkinter framework again.
- Python programming: Python is a language I've been meaning to play with for a
while. I believe that it has the potential to be that language that I use for
short one-off scripts and quick mock-ups of ideas.
- Number Theory: I took a number theory class this past semester and had a blast
in it. This project is intended to both enhance and reinforce my understanding
of the subject in an environment I enjoy.

[index]: #index
[documentation]: #documentation
[what]: #what-it-is
[1.1.1]: chapter1/section1/problem1
[1.1.2]: chapter1/section1/problem2
[1.1.3]: chapter1/section1/problem3
[1.3.1]: chapter1/section3/problem1
[1.3.2]: chapter1/section3/problem2
[1.3.3]: chapter1/section3/problem3
[1.4.1]: chapter1/section4/problem1
[1.4.2]: chapter1/section4/problem2
[1.4.3]: chapter1/section4/problem3
[1.5.1]: chapter1/section5/problem1
[1.5.2]: chapter1/section5/problem2
[1.5.3]: chapter1/section5/problem3
[1.5.4]: chapter1/section5/problem4
[3.1.1]: chapter3/section1/problem1
[3.1.2]: chapter3/section1/problem2
[3.1.3]: chapter3/section1/problem3
[3.1.4]: chapter3/section1/problem4
[3.1.5]: chapter3/section1/problem5
[3.3.1]: chapter3/section3/problem1
[3.3.2]: chapter3/section3/problem2
[3.4.1]: chapter3/section4/problem1
[3.4.2]: chapter3/section4/problem2
[3.4.3]: chapter3/section4/problem3
[3.4.4]: chapter3/section4/problem4
[3.4.5]: chapter3/section4/problem5
[3.4.6]: chapter3/section4/problem6
[3.4.7]: chapter3/section4/problem7
[docs]: Docs
